agent/README.md, before:

# Introduction

This helm chart is for deploying the Hybrid Deployment agent.

# Prerequisites

* Kubernetes 1.29 and above
* Up-to-date version of helm
* Cluster with worker nodes sized to run pipeline processing
    * Recommendation: 8 vCPU and 32G memory is starting point.    
* Namespace into which you want to deploy agent [The default is the `default` namespace]
* Persistent Volume Claim (pvc) available to all worker nodes in the cluster
* NFS based volume recommended (required accessModes as ReadWriteMany)
* The persistent volume capacity should be larger than your dataset
* Cluster should have network access to both source and destination
* If your Kubernetes cluster uses a node autoscaler - such as Karpenter; it is recommended to use Helm chart version 0.17.0 or later. In this setup, you may also need to add the following annotation:

    ```yaml
    config:
        namespace: fivetran
        data_volume_pvc: PVC_NAME_HERE
        token: "TOKEN_HERE"
        annotations:
            karpenter.sh/do-not-disrupt: "true"

    agent:
        image: "us-docker.pkg.dev/prod-eng-fivetran-ldp/public-docker-us/ldp-agent:production"
        image_pull_policy: "Always"
        annotations:
            karpenter.sh/do-not-disrupt: "true"
    ```


# Usage

**Installation**

```bash
helm upgrade --install hd-agent \
 oci://us-docker.pkg.dev/prod-eng-fivetran-ldp/public-docker-us/helm/hybrid-deployment-agent \
 --create-namespace \
 --namespace fivetran \
 --set config.data_volume_pvc=YOUR_PERSISTENT_VOLUME_CLAIM \
 --set config.token="YOUR_TOKEN_HERE" \
 --set config.namespace=fivetran \
 --version 0.17.0
 ```

> Notes:
> * Replace `YOUR_PERSISTENT_VOLUME_CLAIM` with your Persistent Volume Claim name.
> * Replace `YOUR_TOKEN_HERE` with your agent token (obtained from Fivetran dashboard on agent creation)
> * Review the version and always use latest released version

To confirm installation review:

```
helm list -a
kubectl get deployments -n <your namespace>
kubectl get pods -n <your namespace>
kubectl logs <agent-pod-name>
```

**Install using values.yaml**
For more complex configuration, we recommend that you use a `values.yaml` file.
First create a `values.yaml` and add your required changes, then apply it using:

```
helm upgrade --install hd-agent \
 oci://us-docker.pkg.dev/prod-eng-fivetran-ldp/public-docker-us/helm/hybrid-deployment-agent \
 -f values.yaml \
 --create-namespace \
 --namespace fivetran \
 --version 0.17.0
```

Example values file:

```yaml
config:
    namespace: fivetran
    data_volume_pvc: PVC_NAME_HERE
    token: "TOKEN_HERE"
    donkey_container_memory_limit: "4Gi"
    donkey_container_memory_request: "4Gi"
    donkey_container_cpu_limit: "2"
    donkey_container_cpu_request: "2"
    donkey_container_cpu_limit_integrations_demo_connection1: "4"
    donkey_container_cpu_request_integrations_demo_connection1: "4"
    donkey_container_memory_limit_integrations_demo_connection1: "8Gi"
    donkey_container_memory_request_integrations_demo_connection1: "8Gi"
    kubernetes_affinity:
        - rule: large
          connectors:
          - demo_connection1
        - rule: medium
          connectors:
          - demo_connection2
          default: true
    affinity_rules:
        large:
            affinity:
                nodeAffinity:
                    requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
                        nodeSelectorTerms:
                            - matchExpressions:
                                - key: hd-size
                                  operator: In
                                  values:
                                    - large
        medium:
            affinity:
                nodeAffinity:
                    requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
                        nodeSelectorTerms:
                            - matchExpressions:
                                - key: hd-size
                                  operator: In
                                  values:
                                    - medium

agent:
    image: "us-docker.pkg.dev/prod-eng-fivetran-ldp/public-docker-us/ldp-agent:production"
    image_pull_policy: "Always"
    node_selector: 
        hd-size: "small"

```

> For more detail on using node_selector or affinity rules, please see [FAQ](https://fivetran.com/docs/deployment-models/hybrid-deployment/faq#howdoiusekubernetesnodeaffinitytorunhybriddeploymentjobsonspecificnodes)


**Uninstall**

```
helm uninstall hd-agent
```

<br>

# Agent and Job Resource Usage

## The Hybrid Deployment agent
The Hybrid Deployment agent is lightweight and does not require excessive CPU and Memory.
The default resource allocation for the agent is 2 CPU and 2Gi Memory.  


```yaml
resources:
    requests:
        cpu: 2
        memory: 2Gi
    limits:
        cpu: 2
        memory: 2Gi
```

## The data processing jobs
The pipeline processing Jobs that will be started by the HD Agent to perform the pipeline processing will require more resources than the Agent.
This depends on the connector, however for most 2 CPU and 4Gi memory per POD will be sufficient.
The default resource allocation for these jobs are 2 CPU and 4Gi Memory.

To adjust, you can use these configuration parameters under the `config` section:

- donkey_container_memory_limit
- donkey_container_memory_request
- donkey_container_cpu_limit
- donkey_container_cpu_request

Example, to adjust, you can set values as shown below:

```yaml
config:
  namespace: default
  data_volume_pvc: YOUR_PVC_HERE
  token: YOUR_TOKEN_HERE
  donkey_container_memory_limit: "4Gi"
  donkey_container_memory_request: "4Gi"
  donkey_container_cpu_limit: "2"
  donkey_container_cpu_request: "2"
  ...
  ...
```

You can also adjust values for one specific connector.
This can be done by using the:
-  donkey_container_cpu_limit_integrations_YOUR_CONNECTOR_ID_HERE
-  donkey_container_cpu_request_integrations_YOUR_CONNECTOR_ID_HERE
-  donkey_container_memory_limit_integrations_YOUR_CONNECTOR_ID_HERE
-  donkey_container_memory_request_integrations_YOUR_CONNECTOR_ID_HERE

Example, if you want all jobs to use the default 2 CPU and 4G Memory, but you want connector ID: demo_connector1 to use 4 CPU and 8Gi Memory you can specify:

```yaml
config:
  namespace: default
  data_volume_pvc: YOUR_PVC_HERE
  token: YOUR_TOKEN_HERE
  donkey_container_cpu_limit_integrations_demo_connector1: "4"
  donkey_container_cpu_request_integrations_demo_connector1: "4"
  donkey_container_memory_limit_integrations_demo_connector1: "8Gi"
  donkey_container_memory_request_integrations_demo_connector1: "8Gi"
```

Commit message:

Add option to supply custom JVM heap memory settings

agent/README.md, after:

# Introduction

This helm chart is for deploying the Hybrid Deployment agent.

# Prerequisites

* Kubernetes 1.29 and above
* Up-to-date version of helm
* Cluster with worker nodes sized to run pipeline processing
    * Recommendation: 8 vCPU and 32G memory is starting point.    
* Namespace into which you want to deploy agent [The default is the `default` namespace]
* Persistent Volume Claim (pvc) available to all worker nodes in the cluster
* NFS based volume recommended (required accessModes as ReadWriteMany)
* The persistent volume capacity should be larger than your dataset
* Cluster should have network access to both source and destination
* If your Kubernetes cluster uses a node autoscaler - such as Karpenter; it is recommended to use Helm chart version 0.17.0 or later. In this setup, you may also need to add the following annotation:

    ```yaml
    config:
        namespace: fivetran
        data_volume_pvc: PVC_NAME_HERE
        token: "TOKEN_HERE"
        annotations:
            karpenter.sh/do-not-disrupt: "true"

    agent:
        image: "us-docker.pkg.dev/prod-eng-fivetran-ldp/public-docker-us/ldp-agent:production"
        image_pull_policy: "Always"
        annotations:
            karpenter.sh/do-not-disrupt: "true"
    ```


# Usage

**Installation**

```bash
helm upgrade --install hd-agent \
 oci://us-docker.pkg.dev/prod-eng-fivetran-ldp/public-docker-us/helm/hybrid-deployment-agent \
 --create-namespace \
 --namespace fivetran \
 --set config.data_volume_pvc=YOUR_PERSISTENT_VOLUME_CLAIM \
 --set config.token="YOUR_TOKEN_HERE" \
 --set config.namespace=fivetran \
 --version 0.17.0
 ```

> Notes:
> * Replace `YOUR_PERSISTENT_VOLUME_CLAIM` with your Persistent Volume Claim name.
> * Replace `YOUR_TOKEN_HERE` with your agent token (obtained from Fivetran dashboard on agent creation)
> * Review the version and always use latest released version

To confirm installation review:

```
helm list -a
kubectl get deployments -n <your namespace>
kubectl get pods -n <your namespace>
kubectl logs <agent-pod-name>
```

**Install using values.yaml**
For more complex configuration, we recommend that you use a `values.yaml` file.
First create a `values.yaml` and add your required changes, then apply it using:

```
helm upgrade --install hd-agent \
 oci://us-docker.pkg.dev/prod-eng-fivetran-ldp/public-docker-us/helm/hybrid-deployment-agent \
 -f values.yaml \
 --create-namespace \
 --namespace fivetran \
 --version 0.17.0
```

Example values file:

```yaml
config:
    namespace: fivetran
    data_volume_pvc: PVC_NAME_HERE
    token: "TOKEN_HERE"
    donkey_container_memory_limit: "4Gi"
    donkey_container_memory_request: "4Gi"
    donkey_container_cpu_limit: "2"
    donkey_container_cpu_request: "2"
    donkey_container_cpu_limit_integrations_demo_connection1: "4"
    donkey_container_cpu_request_integrations_demo_connection1: "4"
    donkey_container_memory_limit_integrations_demo_connection1: "8Gi"
    donkey_container_memory_request_integrations_demo_connection1: "8Gi"
    kubernetes_affinity:
        - rule: large
          connectors:
          - demo_connection1
        - rule: medium
          connectors:
          - demo_connection2
          default: true
    affinity_rules:
        large:
            affinity:
                nodeAffinity:
                    requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
                        nodeSelectorTerms:
                            - matchExpressions:
                                - key: hd-size
                                  operator: In
                                  values:
                                    - large
        medium:
            affinity:
                nodeAffinity:
                    requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
                        nodeSelectorTerms:
                            - matchExpressions:
                                - key: hd-size
                                  operator: In
                                  values:
                                    - medium

agent:
    image: "us-docker.pkg.dev/prod-eng-fivetran-ldp/public-docker-us/ldp-agent:production"
    image_pull_policy: "Always"
    node_selector: 
        hd-size: "small"

```

> For more detail on using node_selector or affinity rules, please see [FAQ](https://fivetran.com/docs/deployment-models/hybrid-deployment/faq#howdoiusekubernetesnodeaffinitytorunhybriddeploymentjobsonspecificnodes)


**Uninstall**

```
helm uninstall hd-agent
```

<br>

# Agent and Job Resource Usage

## The Hybrid Deployment agent
The Hybrid Deployment agent is lightweight and does not require excessive CPU and Memory.
The default resource allocation for the agent is 2 CPU and 2Gi Memory.  


```yaml
resources:
    requests:
        cpu: 2
        memory: 2Gi
    limits:
        cpu: 2
        memory: 2Gi
```

### Agent JVM Memory Configuration
The Hybrid Deployment agent runs on Java and uses JVM heap memory settings. By default, the agent uses 800MB for both initial (-Xms) and maximum (-Xmx) heap size.

**Best Practice:** It's recommended to set both initial and maximum heap sizes to the same value. This ensures the JVM allocates the full heap immediately at startup, providing predictable memory usage and avoiding performance overhead from heap expansion during runtime.

To adjust these default JVM memory values to lets say 1512M, you can configure them in your values.yaml:

```yaml
agent:
  jvm_xms: "1512m"    # Initial heap size (default: 800m)
  jvm_xmx: "1512m"    # Maximum heap size (default: 800m) - recommended to match jvm_xms
```

Or pass them via command line during installation:

```bash
helm upgrade --install hd-agent \
 oci://us-docker.pkg.dev/prod-eng-fivetran-ldp/public-docker-us/helm/hybrid-deployment-agent \
 --set agent.jvm_xms=1024m \
 --set agent.jvm_xmx=1024m \
 --create-namespace \
 --namespace fivetran \
 --version 0.17.0
```

> **Note:** JVM memory values support standard Java memory units (e.g., 800m, 1g, 2G). Ensure the JVM memory settings are appropriate for your container memory limits and that both values match for optimal performance.

## The data processing jobs
The pipeline processing Jobs that will be started by the HD Agent to perform the pipeline processing will require more resources than the Agent.
This depends on the connector, however for most 2 CPU and 4Gi memory per POD will be sufficient.
The default resource allocation for these jobs are 2 CPU and 4Gi Memory.

To adjust, you can use these configuration parameters under the `config` section:

- donkey_container_memory_limit
- donkey_container_memory_request
- donkey_container_cpu_limit
- donkey_container_cpu_request

Example, to adjust, you can set values as shown below:

```yaml
config:
  namespace: default
  data_volume_pvc: YOUR_PVC_HERE
  token: YOUR_TOKEN_HERE
  donkey_container_memory_limit: "4Gi"
  donkey_container_memory_request: "4Gi"
  donkey_container_cpu_limit: "2"
  donkey_container_cpu_request: "2"
  ...
  ...
```

You can also adjust values for one specific connector.
This can be done by using the:
-  donkey_container_cpu_limit_integrations_YOUR_CONNECTOR_ID_HERE
-  donkey_container_cpu_request_integrations_YOUR_CONNECTOR_ID_HERE
-  donkey_container_memory_limit_integrations_YOUR_CONNECTOR_ID_HERE
-  donkey_container_memory_request_integrations_YOUR_CONNECTOR_ID_HERE

Example, if you want all jobs to use the default 2 CPU and 4G Memory, but you want connector ID: demo_connector1 to use 4 CPU and 8Gi Memory you can specify:

```yaml
config:
  namespace: default
  data_volume_pvc: YOUR_PVC_HERE
  token: YOUR_TOKEN_HERE
  donkey_container_cpu_limit_integrations_demo_connector1: "4"
  donkey_container_cpu_request_integrations_demo_connector1: "4"
  donkey_container_memory_limit_integrations_demo_connector1: "8Gi"
  donkey_container_memory_request_integrations_demo_connector1: "8Gi"
```
